[music]
Bloomberg Audio Studios podcasts, radio,
news.
[music]
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the OddLots podcast. I'm Joe Weisenthal
>> and I'm Tracy Aloway. Tracy, I'm
envisioning this future
>> where like we have to do a uh a state of
the sort of AI inference market episode
like once a month, you know, like where
it's like things are moving so rapidly
and there's so much change either in
terms of what models are using or what
they're being used for, etc. that in the
same way we would do like you know the
occasional regular stock market episode
or whatever we would just do okay what
are we seeing right now in AI inference
trends because it just feels like the
moment we do an episode a few weeks
later it may be out of date
>> we should just bite the bullet and do a
weekly episode transform lots more into
a market update on compute
>> we could do inference inf uh I don't
know we'll have to workshop this
>> inference no
>> no we'd have to um but anyway this is
lots inference.
>> Lots of inference. This is like the
story of the moment and we know that you
know a couple years ago everyone was
sort of dabbling around with various
things and experimenting and using AI
like oh like write a poem for me about
this etc. That phase of AI is long over
and we know that companies specifically
are spending a ton on compute. So much
so that CFOs around the world are
getting sticker shock about their
compute budgets. And there was even a
headline of like Uber saying like, okay,
like $1,500 of max per employee, like
don't spend more than that in a month on
tokens. So like this is a very
fastmoving area.
>> Yeah. You're starting to get headlines
about, I guess, a corporate reckoning
with AI as more people experiment and
spend [clears throat] money on it. The
Uber headline that you mentioned,
apparently Uber burned through its
entire 2026 AI budget in four months
basically. And like what's more
important is the COO was actually asking
whether or not that was worth it, like
whether they saw productivity gains or
whatever as a result of that. The other
very amusing headline that I saw and it
was citing an unnamed source. It's from
Axio, so you know.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Not entirely sure it's true, but
reportedly a great headline.
>> It was a great headline. An AI
consultant told Axios that one of their
clients recently spent half a billion
dollars in a single month after failing
to put usage limits on.
>> Yeah, it's because it's everyone. It's
like, oh, I just have a simple question.
I want to look up our guest's title. I'm
gonna use the most advanced model to do
that etc. I have a theory and we will
get into this with our guests that one
of the things that will and we've talked
about this with Goldman's Marco Argenti
but one of the things I predict is that
companies are like clearly you know
they're going to keep using it more and
more would be my guess but there will
probably be a lot of investment made in
sort of like optimal model routing
because some models are like a hundth
per query of what a frontier model is
probably a lot of people don't know like
what is the sort of like efficient
frontier model usage and So [snorts]
actually routing the query to the sort
of most uh efficient model. I have a
feeling we're going to see a lot of
investment in that area specifically.
>> Well, there's also just the question of
whether or not the models get cheaper
overall as they advance, right? And we
have seen some I think Nvidia has a new
system or chip out or something that is
supposed to reduce token usage. We can
get into that as well. And you know, we
did that live episode recently with Ian
Dunning of Hudson River Trading, and he
said a lot of interesting things in
that, but one of the things he said is
that
>> the scarcity is increasingly like just
the real estate component. Finding a
suitable place to plug in your GPUs, at
least from his perspective, right now is
as much if not more so of a challenge
than securing GPUs themselves. So like,
>> which is different to what it was like 3
years ago. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, just like where you plug it
in, we know there's all the like the
anti-data center politics out there. So,
it's like, yeah, we got to take the
pulse of this market.
>> All right. Consider this our inference
update.
>> Yeah. Well, I'm really excited to say we
really do have the perfect guest.
Someone we spoke to like truly feels
like eons ago. I think the first time we
ever connected with this company,
they've always had a lot of chips, but I
think the first time we ever linked up
with this company was still in the era
where people were excited about Nvidia
chips being used for like crypto mining
and stuff like that. But we are now in
this very different era and this is
truly like one of the companies of the
moment and that is of course
Cororeweave, one of the so-called
Neoclouds offering both training and
inference services for all sorts of
different AI workloads. I'm very excited
to say back on the show we have Brandon
McB Corweave's co-founder and chief
development officer. So Brandon, thank
you so much for uh coming on OddLots.
>> Appreciate being invited back guys. Um
and that was a fantastic intro. We look
forward to hitting these topics today.
>> All right, here's my question. So we
know that like at the tail end of last
year and then in the first quarter of
this year everyone started using cloud
code and just there's clearly a key
inflection moment for sort of like
overall AI demand and then we get into
Q2 and suddenly the CFO is oh my gosh
we're spending this much on inference we
got to like figure things out just
straight up like in the last month
whatever do Do you see any signs of that
happening yet? Of these companies which
are all like none still AI eager AI
adopters trying to get a little bit of a
handle and maybe slowing the grow the
rate of the rate of growth. Is that
happening yet?
>> Yeah, I think you see headlines there
that there are surprises of spend etc.
I'd say our interpretation of it is
entirely look at the like authentic and
foundational demand that is out there,
right? Like all we're really doing is
talking about how much consumption there
is of AI and use for it. And I think
that that was a real question in the
market 12, 18, 24 months ago is will
there be demand for AI? Where is this
inference demand that everyone's been
talking about? And I think you're
absolutely correct. January or so with
this kind of like next group of models
that were coming out, everyone all of a
sudden and all at once said, "This is
what we've needed like this is the real
product breakthrough." But I think it's
worth keeping in mind that product
breakthrough was like for a limited set
of people at the end of the day, right?
We're we're talking like coding
professionals, some finance
professionals, but it's a relatively
small group of people that are using
infrastructure at this enormous scale.
And so where we see this moving towards
next is broader enterprise use likely
not seeing this whole that token maxing
approach. And I think that that is
unsustainable.
But do we see adoption in other sectors
and how this can continue to spread out?
Absolutely. I mean, you know, on our
end, I think we have 10 over1 billion
dollar clients at this point and our
financial services client backlog is in
the tens of billions of dollars
>> at this point. And so, we're now talking
about things outside of AI labs, outside
of hyperscalers. And
>> look, as you guys know, we support nine
of the top 10 uh AI labs on the planet.
if you you know exclude China and
everything that's going on over there
like we have a lot of visibility into
what people are doing and we're not
seeing any pullback on on
[clears throat] what they're doing on on
inference today. If anything, it just
remains this unrelenting demand for
access to the best technology solution
in the market for running artificial
intelligence and that's coreweave
solution in the market.
>> Wait, say more about the customer mix
now versus say three years ago. So you
have hyperscalers, you've got startups,
you've got various businesses. How has
that I guess um composition shifted over
time? Yeah, it it's it's shifted
enormously towards a more diverse
customer base, right? We got a lot of
flack for this in our IPO, right? Like
people were uh noting that we only had a
handful [clears throat] of large clients
um that our clients were like just the
hyperscalers and AI lab or two and I
think that we have made tremendous
progress in driving diversification. So
I'd say it sits probably across three
buckets today, right? We we have
hyperscaler clients who continue to grow
with us. We have AI lab clients. Um as I
said, nine of the top 10 AI labs on the
planet choose Core Reef. And then we
have this enterprise base. And the
enterprise base just doesn't grab as
many headlines as you would expect,
right? There's not these massive
multi-billion dollar contracts that are
being signed. But I think in Q4 alone,
we added twice as many logos to our
client base as we had ever done versus
any previous court,
>> right? And that that enterprise base is
the one that's growing so much. And
there was a point you guys hit on in the
intro that I think is really worth
acknowledging and it was this concept of
model routing and the idea that like not
everyone needs just the latest model
that it's different types of models. I
can hit different use cases and this is
something we've been talking about for a
while, right? As it relates to the
infrastructure side of things as well,
right? Because you don't need that
latest model for everything. And
accordingly, you don't need the latest
piece of infrastructure to support every
single inference or training query
that's out there.
>> You can kind of conceptualize this
matrix of different sizes of workloads
relative to different sizes of GPUs. And
all of a sudden that tells you my god
like H100s could last six, seven, eight
years. A100s are going to last longer.
And it totally changes the entire
conversation around depreciable life of
infrastructure
>> as that was a really popular topic
during 2025. People were saying like,
"Oh, this stuff will last two years.
It's worth zero afterwards." And like
we've never seen any semblance of that
because of the point you guys are
accurately making which is users are
going to need to find the way to use the
appropriate model for their props and
that'll be solved by model rabbit to
your point. that just further enables
this concept that infrastructure is
going to be used longer and we see that
every day in our portfolio extending all
the way back to A100s. I just want to
ask a specific question about the
broadening out of the customer base and
you mentioned for example financial
services clients when you talk about say
a financial services client as being
distinct client from one of the major AI
labs does that mean well you're saying
so it's like I'm just making it up let's
just say I don't know if these
relationships exist let's say a city
group has an enterprise license with an
anthropic does that count as anthropic
as a customer or city as a customer. And
when you talk about this broadening out,
are there essentially more types of
entities who are building some type of
model, not necessarily an LLM per se,
but some type of internal house specific
model from which they want to run
inference.
>> It's a great question. The scenario you
presented anthropic would be our client.
Okay, there. Got it. So what I'm
highlighting I want to correct the
number I said earlier our financial
service clients and this is direct to
those financial services they're
approaching 10 billion in backlog okay
>> so this would be you know a good example
of this and that's something we made
recently is with Jane Street okay
>> right that's not Jane Street coming
through open AI or anthropic to get to
us
>> that is Jane Street coming directly to
us and using our platform and that is
>> for a model that they're building so
it's a Jane street
>> or entrance right it's training entrance
I'm not saying setting aside training
but it would be inference of a model
that it's Jane Street's model of
something rather than Jane Street's
contract and enterprise relationship
with one of the major labs.
>> At the end of the day we don't know what
exact workloads okay these entities are
running. Um especially for entities like
Jane Street. I would imagine that's
highly secretive. Yeah. Um but the point
I would say is more that this is not
them coming through an AI lab to us.
They are interfacing with and managing
the infrastructure directly on our
platform. And that's a really important
distinction as we grow this diversified
client base. Um and I again I think that
we've just done a wonderful job of um
executing on that over the past year.
[music]
>> [music]
>> as you've talked about including in
earnings releases and as you can just
tell from these huge token budgets
inference demand is booming but model
training is still important but in
addition to model training so you say
okay rel if the if you have a pie chart
the what the part that's inference is
getting bigger but I assume the training
is also growing as well but I'm curious
from the perspective of like say the AI
labs when they think about growth has
there been a subtle shift from investing
to push the pure model frontier having
the absolute best state-of-the-art model
verse investing in say better harnesses
because a big reason we're excited and
all talking about AI right now is really
the excitement that happened over with
cloud code in the final quarter of 2025
and it's like oh this harness has really
unlocked a bunch of capabilities. Has
there been a shift in investment from
rather than just the purest most
advanced model to let's invest more in
tooling capacity and other things that
allow companies and clients to get more
juice from an advanced model. I don't
think that we're exposed to that
decision making.
>> Okay.
>> With the AI labs as counterparties to
us. The observation I would make in a
behavior change for the AI labs is they
want access to more infrastructure for
longer duration. Right? And and I'll
qualify that a little bit which is a
year two years ago we were signing
three-year committed contracts. The type
of contracts we sign are basically like
take or pay contracts which is the best
way to finance the infrastructure that
we are building uh for our clients. Last
year it was four-year contracts, right?
They were saying we want explicit access
to Hopper for four years or Blackwell
for four years.
>> Now they're coming and saying well
actually we want it for five years and
we don't want any interruption of use.
We'll commit to the exact same economics
throughout the full duration of the
contract. You can't upgrade or change
the infrastructure within it. You cannot
cancel the contract. We want it for 5
years. And they want it at more scale,
right? The deployments are getting
larger and larger. So that's probably
the best characterization we can offer
on decision-m that AI labs are going
through right now. Does it look from an
infrastructure perspective? It it
absolutely seems like tooling is
important but scaling laws are still
holding. Yeah.
>> Right. Like your your ability to advance
your frontier model through accessing
more infrastructure at scale holds and
that will hold through Vera Rubin we
expect and seemingly it's not stopping
anytime soon.
>> Oh yeah. What's the deal with Vera
Rubin? Can you explain that to us?
>> Uh wh which aspect of it?
>> What is it? Oh yeah yeah yeah basically.
>> Yeah. So it's it's just Nvidia's next
architecture that's coming out right
like the current architecture that we're
deploying today is Blackwell. Blackwell
comes we deployed predominantly in a
MBL72 configuration which was an entire
architecture change from deployment
right if you recall hopper came before
Blackwell. Hopper you could deploy these
42U racks which was typically like eight
GPUs in a server case. You would take
it, plug it in, largely air cooled as
well, right? We ran some liquid cooling
just so that we understood the
requirements of liquid cooling because
Blackwell for our deployments um is
overwhelmingly liquid cooled in its
deployment configuration. And instead of
eight GPUs in a 42U configuration, it's
in this larger 72 GPU rack. It's like an
entire chassis that's being brought in.
uh and it it just looks entirely
different in the data center. It's like
this giant tower thing that you've seen
in pictures floating around on X. So
Vera Rubin uh will be the next
architecture that comes out and we've
started receiving testing racks uh for
Ver Rubin. The basic idea is like the
new configuration
makes the whole system more efficient,
like more tokens per energy use and that
sort of thing.
>> Yes. Yeah. I I think that's kind of
where you're getting to with it. But
that doesn't necessarily mean, going
back to the point earlier, that everyone
only wants the latest generation of GPU,
right? We have massive demand for
Ampear, Hopper, Blackwell, etc. Um, and
it just varies by use case, model, and
type of client as well. Like I would
qualify that AI labs uh are probably the
ones who are lining up first to secure
access to the latest generation GPUs,
>> whereas enterprise clients might be pro
uh very focused on current generation,
right? Like Hopper and Blackwell right
now.
>> I'm going to be honest for a second. You
know, I try to keep up on a lot of
things AI related. I really do. And I
every single day
>> the one thing I do not keep like in my
mind if you asked me like I liked it in
the old days when it was like 186 286
386 486 pennium and then like pennium 2
etc. then it was just this numerical
sequence that I could keep track of in
my head. And so if someone asked me like
Joe like Ver Ruben Hopper Blackwell what
was the sequence? I like I gotta be
honest with you. I like don't exactly
remember. And I will prioritize that at
some point. But speaking of silicon, so
yesterday Microsoft came out with a big
they're really they want to be in the
game too. They don't want to just be
connected to labs. They they want to
have advanced models too. And apparently
it's a good model and they announced the
MAI thinking one model but they said
it's optimized on the Maya 200 chip
which is their own chip and this is a
thing which is even again going back to
our recent conversation we had even a
place like Hudson River trading is
thinking about getting into the
customized hardware game. How much juice
for the squeeze is there of aligning the
model with custom silicon from your
vantage point?
>> What what we could offer is what we hear
from our clients.
>> Yeah.
>> On that and and it's important to keep
in mind
>> we can run any type of silicon on our
platform. Okay.
>> Right. We are entirely customer-led in
what we build. Like we don't go commit
to capex and speculatively hope people
come and use infrastructure, right? like
we wait until a client says, "We want
you to go do this specific build. Here's
what it we want it to look like." And
then we go commit to that capex, right?
It's more like a success-based capex
approach. And the client isn't asking
for anything but Nvidia infrastructure.
>> And I think a large contributor to that
is I mean they built this incredible
ecosystem around their chipset. um they
have been dedicating to that for I think
over 15 years at this point through the
CUDA architecture and Nvidia from what
we hear from our clients that platform
just remains the most efficient the most
scalable the most reliable uh set of
infrastructure that is in the market
right so I I I think others
>> there's always been I mean you think
over the past few years right there's
always been talk of like what did it
what about this other silicon and these
dealerships and at the end of the day
like people are still using Nvidia
infrastructure. They're committing to
Nvidia infrastructure for five plus year
contracts and these billion
multi-billion dollar commitments
because they know that that is going to
be a critical part of how they scale
their business. we really don't see
demand uh on a material basis for
anything but that Nvidia compute and
that's what we are building today.
>> Obviously just to push back on this a
little bit and I'm not really in any
position to push back. I can only relay
what past guests have said and my own
reading. So what one of our guests said
is that absolutely Nvidia has the lock
on model training that if you want to
train a model that yes Nvidia chips are
the only game in town but that for
inference there really his view this is
Ian Dunning again his view is there
really were options and then of course
we had someone who was much more biased
we interviewed the CEO of Sarah Bros uh
the company that makes the gigantic
plate and or sorry the the gigantic
>> gigantic plate
>> and of course he But I mean, of course,
he was going to say, "Yeah, the the the
CUDA moat is vastly overrated for
inference that barely exists." Now, of
course, of course, he's going to say
that. So, like, you know, he's in a
competitor, but we've also heard it from
a user of inference and intuitively it
makes sense like training is very
complicated and all that stuff. But what
you're saying is that from the customer
standpoint, you see the demand for
Nvidia on both the training and the
inference as being steady and that you
perceive that advantage to be consistent
through both aspects.
>> So I believe in our last quarterly
report our CEO Mike qualified that
inference workloads represent well in
excess of 50% of infrastructure
utilization on our platform.
>> Okay. the exact same infrastructure they
use for training as well. Right. Going
back to my comment of like it's very
funible between those different types of
workloads.
Those customers are choosing Nvidia to
work with on imprints. I I think what
you're going to see is people will want
to try at small scale other types of
silicon but the reliable proven and
remains from our perspective most
efficient infrastructure to use is
Nvidia today. Does that change over
time? Who who really knows? But I think
we've seen Nvidia battling this concept
for years and every year they show up
and like they remain the de facto choice
for AI infrastructure. I I I think we're
going to be one of the first people in
the market to see it. Um because that
will be a tone shift change from our
clients asking us to run something else.
>> That hasn't happened.
>> Okay.
>> So have the constraints on your business
changed at all? Well, so three years ago
we were talking about GPUs and how hard
they were to actually get. I imagine GPU
securing GPUs is still competitive to
say the least, but are you seeing other
constraints emerge like Joe mentioned in
the intro? Just land usage, just places
to actually build data centers.
>> Landed usage specifically, I wouldn't
say is as much of a concern. Having a
powered shell is the bottleneck. Okay.
today and let me qualify PowerShell.
PowerShell is
>> effectively an empty data center that is
energized,
>> right? It has all the power and
associated components. I can come into
it and deliver
>> electrons into a rack. Has the cooling
system built within it. Like it it has
the whole thing, right? It powered shell
is is the industry term for it. That is
the bottleneck because of all of the
supply chains that that come into that,
right? Like not only you have
electricity, do you have the land etc.
But you have the backup battery
supplies, you have the transformers, um
you have personnel, right? Like think
about the electricians for these sites
and getting the accreditation on
electrician side to be able to
participate in these builds. I mean, I
think it's a 5year plus apprenticeship
to be able to go through that program,
right? We can't just make new
electricians leveraging a supply chain,
right? like that that's a trade that you
can't really scale efficiently. So that
is absolutely the bottleneck for us and
I think our peer set that's out there
right now. Access to chips. Um I think
we have a phenomenal relationship with
Nvidia where we've just proven to be the
best operator of this infrastructure on
the planet. You know a bottleneck that
existed for us previously I think was
access to financing.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. as we all know
>> doesn't seem to be an issue anymore.
[laughter]
>> I I I would agree um with that broadly,
but that's years of work and execution
that has delivered that ability for us.
I mean, year to date, we've raised over
$21 billion of financing for our
business. Like, you don't get to do that
and just go from, you know, zero to 20
right out of nowhere. And and I think
that's largely driven by our track
record of execution, right? Our
investors, our creditors can see this
deep set of experience over the years of
consistently delivering on these builds.
I mean, we have over a gigawatt in
active uh uh power at at this point,
right? Like a gigawatt like at the data
center level with GPUs, you know,
delivering into clients. And I I think
that there's been kind of a
misunderstanding in the market where
where people are conflating the concept
that like you know something on paper is
the equivalent to being physically done
and delivered. And all I can say is
there's an enormous gap between you know
signing for power for delivery in 2030
>> versus actually delivering that into
billable GPU hours. And that gap of
execution is what has driven down our
cost of capital so aggressively. That
gap is where our business sits and why
it has been so successful. I mean that
that's the secret sauce is our ability
to take these data center deployments
and these customer relationships and
deliver billable GPU hours into them.
You know, speaking of financing, I just
want to say, you know, during last year,
like maybe six months ago, that might
have been the sort of near peak of the
Michael Bur inspired these chips are
going to last two years stuff. And one
of the viral charts that you would see
on Twitter was the Cororeweave CDS
chart. Those have come way in. So, it is
uh it is, you know,
>> I haven't seen those charts in a while.
I
>> That's right. That's the thing about
CDS. [laughter] No one ever posts charts
of credit default swaps when they're
coming. They people love to post when
they're blowing out. They have um come
in. So, you know, that does speak to
some of this point about these anxieties
uh having been alieved at least uh
somewhat since the start of the year.
You know, it occurred to me like we're
talking about credit default swaps.
We're talking about financing. I'm g I'm
sort of gearing up to write a big thing
maybe but I'm writing it in my head
currently that there really are a lot of
analogies between the business of data
centers and the business of banking and
one of the things in banking as we all
learned from SVB
was the risk of industry and depositor
concentration that you if you have all
your depositors are either in like one
depositor gets too big or all your
depositors are in the same industry then
you have this risk of like correlated
withdrawal. calls and that's what
obviously did in SVB when you think
about planning and you think about okay
here's investment etc how much does this
come up sort of like thinking about I
guess uh tenant uh
>> diversification
>> yeah tenant diversification as something
that you think about in your multi-year
planning
>> it's a critical aspect of it right as I
said earlier too like this was a key
criticism of us coming into our IPL last
year right where we had that customer
concentration
in our revenue and we have made enormous
progress there and I think the best way
to think about it is we could take all
of our unallocated capacity and I say
that very specifically it's not unsold
capacity implying that there's no demand
for it it's unallocated there's intense
demand for it we're figuring out where
it should go and that customer piece of
it I think honestly like we could
allocate all that capacity to like
single name clients, right? Like there
is a pretty significant number of single
name clients we can go allocated out
into. But I I I don't think that is the
business we are supposed to be building
here. I think the business we are
supposed to be building is a diversified
cloud that is supporting the uh uh
leading AI consumers and producers on on
the planet. [music] I don't think we're
supposed to be supporting just one or
two companies.
>> [music]
[music]
>> when it comes to financing. Can you say
a little bit more about what changed to
make the market more comfortable with
this? Because like this is the big story
in markets just how much AI is now being
issued through the corporate bond
market. The equity market as we know is
basically all big tech at the moment.
Like what changed on the part of
investors? Was was it just pure return
and performance or were there I guess
efforts to like make the contracts more
robust or increase visibility into
demand and that sort of thing? seeing
the inference aspect of it really
emboldened in investors. But like that
that was really just you know January
right or maybe late Q4 where you started
seeing this just massive inflection of
demand driven by inference
>> for us right and it's tough for me to
speak about you know other companies but
for us like why why have we been
underwritten at such scale and at a
decreasing cost of capital I think it
goes back to that track record of
execution right it's just the market has
watched us execute and watched us
deliver on these contracts and the way
and tell me if I'm going into too much
detail here, but but the way that we
finance our business, you kind of break
it into two broad buckets, right? You
have parent co- financing and asset co
financing. And asset co financing is
where all of the GPUs get financed,
right? It's where all of our client
contracts sit and we could take these
financings and put them into STDs or
we'll just call it a box so to say and
>> you [laughter]
sorry keep going
>> boxes boxes on lots of connotations but
keep going keep going
>> we put them into SPDs uh and these these
SPVS they have the infrastructure they
have the data center costs and they have
the uh the the debt agreements within
them. And so you're able to pair this
like five-year take or pay contract to
an amortization schedule on the debt and
you have the revenue come into the box,
pay down the amortization schedule, pay
down the operating costs of the data
center, and it still contributes a it
has a 25% contribution margin of profit
up to the parent code, right? like these
are highly profitable agreements down in
the SPV stack. And so you take that SPV
out to the credit market and say look at
this instrument that's a discrete set of
contracts with counterparties like
entities who want to consume GPU
compute. Um you have the data centers
within it etc. And you know one of the
latest ones we did was uh as we call
DDTL4
this was a investment grade rated first
of its class. No one had done this
before for GPU financing, nonreourse HPC
infrastructure financing and got done at
sofur plus 225
like that that is a phenomenal cost of
capital for us and importantly we were
able to bring in uh the insurance trunch
of capital which is a massive trunch of
capital out there that is looking to do
allocations into the space. So, we're
kind of continuously making progress
through these different stacks of
capital and locking access to more and
more types of investors. It's why you've
seen us move into the convertible note
market into the unsecured market um as
well uh along with taking you know
direct uh strategic equity investments.
But for us, it's really important for
the entire investor space to understand
this business because this business
largely didn't exist before, right? Like
people weren't making loans into the
hypers scales to go credit these
buildouts, right? It's it's on coreweave
honestly to be building this path into
how do you finance the AI hyperscaler
effectively and I think um we've just
done a terrific job of it over the past
few years.
>> You used to be in a prior lifetime a
trader, right?
>> Yes, I was a commodity trader. So, I'm
curious like, you know, there's a lot of
interest in and I don't know if it's
going to materialize in uh GPU capacity
trading and there's going to be a new
contract. We recently uh interviewed um
the CEO of Compute Exchange and they're
very close to having something listed on
the CME from your perspective because I
I don't have a view on this yet. On the
one like you see like okay, a big AI
company does a five-year contract as you
say the duration is lengthening. we're
going to lock this in. I don't know like
what the need is for tradable compute in
that environment etc. What's your guess
like do you anticipate that there will
be a sufficient ecology of hedggers and
speculators such that there will be a
liquid market for tradable compute.
>> I I think it's a it's a very much a
timeline question that's out there.
Shortterm, no. Let me offer why no
short-term and then I'd say maybe in the
long term
>> and it all comes back to fungeibility
right if you think about gold gold is
defined by its chemical composition
right and there's no
>> uh uh question of of what is gold and
not gold etc
>> compute really isn't right especially
GPU compute
>> GPU compute today is not fungeable and I
think that this is well understood
by our client base, by our suppliers, by
you know third party consultants like
Cine Analysis and it's it's this idea
that an H100 deployed in one cloud
doesn't have the same performance of an
H100 deployed in another cloud [snorts]
and the the metrics that people use are
things like good put or model flop
utilization MFUs and there are these
measurements of like how much more
performant is one G the exact same GPU
by the way versus another GPU deployed
in another facility. And so in order for
something to be commoditized, it it has
to be fungeible, right? Otherwise,
there's just too much, you know,
murkiness and there isn't like uh an
exact data point in there.
>> Can I push on that a little bit further?
So, I mean, I think that seems like a
reasonable view. Is the nonf
fungeability related to configuration of
like how they literally like the
configuration of the GPUs within
physically like what is it is it about
power I mean I think they all like you
know there are plenty of places that
will say you know we have nine 9ines or
however many nines you need in your
industry or whatever. What is it in your
view that would cause significant
changes in the performance of an H100 in
one cloud versus another? It could be in
some part configuration, right? We build
everything to DGX reference spec u which
is the most outlined by Nvidia. It's the
most performant way to build, operate
and deliver
>> GPUs. But but the rest of it honestly is
just how you operate the the GPUs and
that is the coreweave
software stack that is how do you keep
these GPUs online, right? Like what
happens if a GPU fails? Can you predict
if a GPU is about to fail and swap in
other infrastructure so that the client
doesn't have downtime on that component?
And there's there's an immense suite of
software solutions that and and
infrastructure management solutions that
we have built to have the best goodput
to have the best MFUS in the industry.
And that's none of that is is off the
shelf, right? And so I I wouldn't say it
comes down to the strict components.
That's kind of like a bare minimum
starting point, right? Like you have to
start in DJX reference spec. But where's
differentiation come from there? I mean
that's that's the core product you're
describing right there.
>> By the way, Tracy, I'm just looking up
terms of art. Goodput measures the
fraction of peak hardware performance
that the training job can extract. This
is according to Google. And MFU's model
flops utilization hardware metric for
evaluating real world efficiency of
LLM's training. So, two new terms. I
actually hadn't heard of MFUS or goodput
before this. So, I just learned two new
terms today.
>> We got to create a uh an AI glossery.
>> Yeah, we do. Brandon, when Joe asked you
that question about um compute markets
earlier, you said it was a timeline
question, which in my mind implies that
it's inevitable. Like it's just a
question of how long it takes. But then
when you describe the funggeability
problem, it seems like this is an actual
issue that will be very difficult to
solve.
>> Yes, I I think that characterization is
absolutely correct, right? Like if you
just take general commodity theory and I
traded natural gas, electricity,
agriculture products for over a decade
like it suggests that it should become
that at some point. But what is the
reality today? The reality is this stuff
isn't getting easier to operate,
>> right? [clears throat] We've moved from
these kind of relatively simple 42U
aircooled racks of hopper to these
immensely complex blackwell deployments
moving into Vera Rubin following that
like it's not getting easier to to build
operate provision deliver these GPUs
it's getting more difficult and I I I
think until it starts becoming easier
you don't really have a path to
commoditization you will have to
continue to prioritize working with the
world class and worldleading operators
of infrastructure. That's where we sit.
>> First of all, this is helpful and I like
that we're getting multiple perspectives
because I do think this is going to be
like one of the big questions for
financial markets because let's say if
they took off then you could imagine
that might even improve financing
conditions because then the lender can
hedge against Yeah. So like there would
probably be some good things for the
industry if this took off. So I
appreciate it's good to have your um
perspective on this. Why is it you know
I'm a I'm an inference prov I I I I'm an
inference user by the way so I I made a
little machine learning model in one of
my hobby projects and I provide
inference over at havlock.ai or I'm a
user of inference or whatever I have a
model whatever. Why is it that
>> impressive if you were providing
inference?
>> I'm trying to I I guess I'm a consumer
of inference. I use a um anyway why is
it that I'm actually very easily able to
get now not a huge allocation I've used
like GPU access so I was like how do I
train this model it's a model called
BERT that Google released in 2018 or
2019 I fine-tuned it for my purposes and
then literally using cloud code I was
able to in 10 minutes sign up I started
using this company called modal and I
was able to start training a uh model. I
was surprised that there was like and it
didn't cost me very much and I have like
no volume, but nonetheless, evidently
there was a little GPU capacity out
there that I could get and it cost me
like $5 or something for the whole thing
given what you always hear about like a
utilization is slammed. Why is it
actually not that hard to find GPU
capacity for someone like myself?
>> You know, I I I think it's uh the scale
difference right there. finding ones or
tens of GPUs. I think that's way more
accessible out there.
>> Okay.
>> Our clients are focused on the hundreds
of thousands of of GPUs.
>> I'm not there yet, but I'm not there
yet.
>> Not yet. I'm sure it'll get there. Yes.
And and that's where it kind of
decommoditizes itself with scale as
well, right? Like as you're in the
hundreds of thousands component, there's
just not that many deployments, right?
It's handfuls of deployments at that
size. Um, but getting access to ones of
GPUs, I I think that there is a lot more
ability to to go secure that that sizing
in the market.
>> So Joe and I are heading to Hong Kong
very soon and I expect that AI in China
is going to be a big topic of
conversation. How would you characterize
I guess the difference between the US
and the Chinese market at the moment?
I'm sure this is something you think
about even though you don't participate
in the Chinese market directly.
>> Yeah, that that's asking for questions
that we basically like questions that we
can ask people when we're over there.
>> Yeah, that that's likely going to be my
response, Tracy, is like we just do not
participate in that market. Um I think
that there's opportunity for us
[clears throat] to be expanding. As you
guys know, we we operate in Canada,
Europe. Um I think moving uh further
east makes a lot of sense for us, but
we're trying to be very methodical in
the way that we expand. So I
unfortunately [clears throat] I'm not
going to be able to help you with
specific questions in that market but I
would imagine you're going to encounter
a lot of the same things that you're
seeing in the US which is just
insatiable unrelenting demand for AI
like you know we just kind of keep
coming back to this is like there is no
solution in sight for being able to
satiate demand right there's just too
many supply chain there's no path to
solving demand. And in the near term or
even the medium term frankly
>> you mentioned so Tracy asked you about
land use you said you weren't that
really was an issue but like the first
time we talked to you in 2023 or
whenever that was there was not a major
growing movement of people who were just
like anti-data centers in America. Maybe
there were a few fringe people but it
was not something that was on the minds
of politicians and activists and so
forth. And you do see these headlines,
you know, about some projects really
having been shelved. There was like a
big one, Northern Virginia is a huge hot
spot for it, and there was a big project
that was they pulled the plug on due to
some they couldn't get an agreement with
the local government. That must have
affect you. What are you seeing in terms
of like your capacity to build? How has
it changed specifically in light of or
have you seen a change? Would you be
able to build faster in a world where
this had never become a political hot
button issue?
>> I believe it has become that hot button
issue. It's something that we're quite
proactive about in market. Um, and I I
think you just kind of go through the
checks on the diligence process to make
sure you're going through it correctly.
I I think that there's misconceptions
out there like water usage.
>> Yeah. Setting aside the misconcept like
setting aside I know setting aside the
whole debate about but just in terms of
like operationally what's it changed for
you in terms of
>> No I I would say our greatest challenge
is still just getting that delivery
[music] of our like the construction and
all the things and getting everything in
there like that is truly more of the
bottleneck that's in the market today.
>> Brandon, thank you so much for uh coming
back on OddLogds. We'll uh we'll have
you back uh next month for another uh
market. No. Or at least or maybe in
three years.
>> Not three years.
>> One. Yeah. Not three years. But uh
really
>> that's an eternity.
>> Yeah, I know. [laughter]
>> Thank you so much.
>> Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
[music]
I'm very excited about whether compute
futures will take off. I think this is
an exciting like story. You know, it's
not the biggest story in the world, but
it is actually a very exciting story.
>> I've said this before, even if you're
not that interested in AI, this is a
really interesting market structure
story, right? It's basically the
creation of a brand new market and poses
all these interesting philosophical
questions about how you do that. And I
thought
>> Brandon's point about fungeibility. I
mean, that is a real
>> issue. And it does seem like it's a
challenging one to fix at the moment. I
don't know if it's inevitable in the
future, but who knows?
>> No, no. I mean, it makes a lot of sense.
This was also Lewis Hart's point um that
it's like the f you know it's in the
word commodity right if it's if it's not
a commodity you're not going to get a
commodity market for it and of course a
number of entities are betting that it
will be commoditized but if the if it's
true that like you know they're getting
more difficult to work that the
technical demands on the inference
provider on the data center hopefully
are getting greater in order to get the
maximum, you know, juice, then maybe it
doesn't become commoditized. But I think
that's like a fascinating question.
>> Like if you do see those efficiency
improvements and new designs and things
like that, you could imagine that like
the demand is there for a standardized
GPU as well. So I don't know like I'm
really torn. It feels like it could go
either way. Well, and even in his
answer, he talked about how they
configure their own GPUs to a spec
largely that Nvidia itself has come up
with.
>> So in theory like there is spec that
everyone can match to. So that's like a
really interesting that's really an
interesting question. I also really want
to do more on all of these. So Google
has TPUs, Amazon has Tranium, Microsoft
has its own hardware. Maybe even Jane
Streets and the Hudson River Tradings
will have their own hardware. If they're
not like I want to understand better
why, right? Because like they presumably
have some reason and they at least like
the Microsoft will say, well, this will
run better on our customized hardware. I
want to understand why that would be.
How much difference in performance is
there? And then the degree to which
demand materializes
from users for non- Nvidia silicon is
like a really big question.
>> Yeah. Why custom chips?
>> Yeah. And what can you get out of that
if you align model and chip to optimally
work together? I have no idea, but I
feel like it's an episode I would like
to do.
>> Yeah, we should. All right. Shall we
leave it there in the meantime?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> All right. This has been another episode
of the All Thoughts Podcast. I'm Tracy
Aloway. You can follow me at Tracy
Aloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwork. Follow our guest
Brandon McB at Brandon McB. Follow our
producers Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen
Arman Dashel Bennett at Dashbot
Kalebrooks at Kalebrooks and Kevin
Lozano at Kevin Lloyd Lozano. And for
more OddLots content, go to
bloomberg.com/odlots
for the daily newsletter and all of our
episodes. And you can chat about all
these topics 24/7 in our Discord,
[music] discord.gg/odlotss.
And if you enjoy OddLotss, if you want
us to do an episode on custom chips,
then please leave us a positive review
on your favorite podcast platform.
[music] And remember, if you are a
Bloomberg subscriber, you can listen to
all of our episodes absolutely adree.
All you need to do is find the Bloomberg
channel on Apple Podcasts [music] and
follow the instructions there. Thanks
for listening.
[music]
>> [music]